NOTICE OF COPYRIGHT INFRINGEMENT (DMCA)

Date: April 27, 2026

To whom it may concern,

This notice is provided pursuant to the Digital Millennium Copyright Act (DMCA), 17 U.S.C. Section 512.
I am writing to notify you that your service is hosting material that infringes upon the exclusive copyright 
rights of my organization. 

 1. Identification of the copyrighted work claimed to have been infringed:
    The original, authenticated media assets officially registered under our Asset Protection platform.

 2. Identification of the material that is claimed to be infringing:
    Direct Link / URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sOQLODs9ipc
    Uploader: FORMULA 1
    File Identifier: Extended Highlights | 2025 British Grand Prix
    
 3. Evidence of Infringement:
    Our automated perceptual systems matched 100.0% (461/461 selected keyframes) 
    of the suspect content to our authenticated internal rights database via direct vector embeddings.

    Documented timestamps of infringement:
  - Infringing content appears at suspect timestamp(s): 00:00
  - Infringing content appears at suspect timestamp(s): 00:02
  - Infringing content appears at suspect timestamp(s): 00:04
  - Infringing content appears at suspect timestamp(s): 00:06
  - Infringing content appears at suspect timestamp(s): 00:08
  - ... and 456 other instances.

 4. Rights Holder Assertion:
    I have a good faith belief that the use of the material in the manner complained of is not authorized by the 
    copyright owner, its agent, or the law. The information in this notification is accurate, and under penalty 
    of perjury, I am authorized to act on behalf of the owner of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.

 5. Rights Holder Contact Information:
    Name: Lag_Launch Rights Enforcement
    Email: legal@laglaunch.com
    Address: 123 Security Blvd, Cyber City

 Please act expeditiously to remove or disable access to the infringing material.

 Sincerely,
 Lag_Launch Rights Enforcement
 Enforcement Division